
{
  "mbti":{},

  "socionics":{
    "quadras":{
      "alpha":" Includes LII, ILE, ESE and SEI. Thought to have a “childlike” mentality. Combines intellectual play with joyful hedonism. This means that Alphas tend to prefer relaxed, aesthetic environments where emotions are expressed in the group with jokes and laughter. At the same time, they enjoy stimulating, fun conversation about theories and philosophy, where innovative, logical thought is prioritised. These groups are often open with people being invited to join in with the fun and offer an interesting or tangential opinion on the subject. Unpleasant, negative conversation is avoided with the group preferring things to remain light-hearted and in good humour so that the mood is not spoiled by personal qualms. Instead, criticisms are often softened to be in good humour for everyone to laugh with. Alphas want to devise an understanding of the world where everything fits together perfectly, a sort of 'grand theory' that is both all-encompassing as well as beautifully elegant. To envision an Alpha setting, think of a birthday party or philosophers having a drink down at the pub. ",
      "beta":" Includes LSI, SLE, EIE and IEI. Thought to have a “youthful” mentality. Combines assertive hierarchy with romanticised destiny. This means that Betas prefer environments where the group is united by expressed common values, working towards a long term goal. Those against the group's values may be treated as a common foe. Raucous, loud stories are often told by those in charge with group participation expected while people adhere to a set pecking order. There is often an aura of competitiveness in these groups, with pushing and shoving to reach the top. Despite this sense of competition, acceptance to the group is given on principle with newcomers being warmly welcomed. However, this welcoming air can turn icy someone be perceived to act against the group. Sometimes the emotionality in the group can become rather intense and heated and when there is a dispute, people owe it to the group to be straight and open with how they feel, laying the issue out on the table and even fighting it out if needed until the drama dissipates. Betas wish to understand their world with certainty and may commit to an ideological way of viewing the world which grants purpose and meaning, seeing other ideologies as obstacles to be removed. Those who embrace the same ideology are seen as belonging and are treated as brethren. To envision a Beta setting, think of a political party or intense clubbing night. ",
      "gamma":"Includes ESI, SEE, LIE and ILI. Thought to have a “mature” mentality. Combines harsh judgment with strategic thinking. This means that Gammas prefer to remain independent from the controls and influences of other people, striving to fulfil their own ambitions as a matter of personal achievement. They prefer to look at facts in the long term, doing what is prudent for their future and sacrificing daily concerns for what will be best later on. Socialising is a pragmatic means of meeting people who can be trusted and form meaningful relations with. New people are quickly judged, with a strong emphasis on individuals being essentially good and trustworthy. More pragmatic, working relations can be formed, although scumbags will be rejected with vitriol. People are thus treated as individuals who could either be allies or enemies, depending on their set, inner nature. Gammas will tend to consider their own opinions towards issues carefully and when necessary, will prefer people to speak their mind harshly and disagree rather than try to stay friendly. They can be extreme in their attitudes towards other people, forming long-lasting grudges against those they deem 'evil'. To envision a Gamma setting, think of a business meeting or else the lone entrepreneur, trying to solidify a profitable future.",
      "delta":" Includes EII, IEE, LSE and SLI. Thought to have a “senior” mentality. Combines good-faith judgment with practical convenience. This means that Deltas like peaceful, minimalist surroundings in which they are free to work on their own endeavours without interruption. They prefer to be self-sufficient, being able to do things themselves, or else learn how to improve themselves so that they no longer need help. At the same time, they enjoy giving sound, practical advice to help people, earnestly trying to make their immediate surroundings a better, more fruitful place. Deltas tend to be understated, with a quiet humility, or else, taking a sudden excitable interest in a new person who is of interest. People are judged carefully over time, with Deltas being happy to give others the benefit of the doubt, looking past misunderstandings until they know the person is right for them or not. Disagreements are often respectfully addressed, but rarely lead to an argument, with Deltas being happy to go their own way and not mind what others do. At the same time, they may do much to avoid long-term commitments, needing to be free to choose based on new situations and able to manage their own affairs with convenience. To envision a Delta setting, think of the friend who pops in to see you after some eclectic travels or else the sort of person who goes off into the woods to build their own tree-house.",
      "source":"https://worldsocionics.blogspot.com/2014/07/an-introduction-to-socionics-part-3.html"


    }





  }







}
